there are a couple of things that you could do on a ship. Thio relieve
stress. One of the things that you could do is exercise depending on
the size of your ship and depending on your command, fitness. Ah,
leader, your CFL. They can put a program together for you to help reduce
the stress. Um, sometimes walking around the ship, you can walk
a half a mile or a mile. Um, you could always do push ups and sit ups.
Um, working out is one of the number one ways to help reduce stress.
Another thing that you could do to help reduce stress is to find
someone who, um, can hold you accountable. For instance, a mentor,
someone of your peers, someone who has the same ideas and things that
you like to do some of that you are compatible with They could help
you reduce the stress. Um, being on the ship, um, shipboard life
is very stressful, and it's important to make sure that you have the
tools you need, um, to help you reduce the stress